[IMP] sales: updated returns doc for v16 (#6258)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/returns.rst

===================
Returns and refunds
===================

> The Odoo *Sales* app provides two different ways to process returns. Each method is based on whether
> an invoice has been sent or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Odoo *Sales* app provides two different ways to process returns. The method used depends on whether or not an invoice has been sent.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: A typical sales order with a highlighted delivery smart button in Odoo Sales.

On the validated delivery order, click :guilabel:`Return`.

.. image:: returns/validated-delivery-order-return-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A validated delivery order with a highlighted Return button in Odoo Sales.

This opens a :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window.

By default, the :guilabel:`Quantity` matches the validated quantities from the delivery order.
Update the quantities, if necessary. Click on the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash)` icon next to a line item to
remove it from the return.

.. image:: returns/reverse-transfer-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The "Reverse Transfer" pop-up window, to make a return before invoicing the customer.

Next, click :guilabel:`Return` to confirm the return. This generates a new warehouse operation for
the incoming returned product(s).

.. image:: returns/warehouse-operation-confirmed-return.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse operation after a return has been confirmed in Odoo Sales.

Upon receiving the return, the warehouse team validates the warehouse operation. Then, on the

> original sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity reflects the difference between the initial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
original sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity updates to reflect the difference between the initial
```

cases, a return using only *Reverse Transfers* is insufficient since validated, or sent, invoices
cannot be changed.

However, *Reverse Transfers* can be used in conjunction with *Credit Notes* to complete the
customer's return.

To start a return after invoicing, navigate to the relevant sales order in the *Sales* app.

If there is a payment registered on the sales order, the payment details appear in the Chatter, and
the invoice (accessible through the :guilabel:`Invoices` smart button) has a green :guilabel:`In
Payment` banner.

.. image:: returns/green-in-payment-banner.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sample of a green in payment banner in Odoo Sales.

From the sales order, click on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to view the validated delivery
order. Then, click :guilabel:`Return` to open the :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window.

Next, edit the :guilabel:`Product`, or :guilabel:`Quantity`, as needed for the return. Then, click
:guilabel:`Return`. This generates a new warehouse operation for the incoming returned product(s),
which is validated by the warehouse team once the return is received.

> Then, on the sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity reflects the difference between the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, on the sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity updates to reflect the difference between the
```

.. image:: returns/sales-order-delivery-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical sales order with a highlighted delivery smart button in Odoo Sales.

On the validated delivery order, click :guilabel:`Return`.

.. image:: returns/validated-delivery-order-return-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A validated delivery order with a highlighted Return button in Odoo Sales.

This opens a :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window.

By default, the :guilabel:`Quantity` matches the validated quantities from the delivery order.
Update the quantities, if necessary. Click on the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash)` icon next to a line item to
remove it from the return.

.. image:: returns/reverse-transfer-popup.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The "Reverse Transfer" pop-up window, to make a return before invoicing the customer.

Next, click :guilabel:`Return` to confirm the return. This generates a new warehouse operation for
the incoming returned product(s).

.. image:: returns/warehouse-operation-confirmed-return.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse operation after a return has been confirmed in Odoo Sales.

> Upon receiving the return, the warehouse team validates the warehouse operation. Then, on the

Reviewer 2: Is this done by clicking "Validate" on the order? If so, it would probably be best to specify that using a GUI label.

original sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity updates to reflect the difference between
the initial validated quantities and the returned quantities.

.. image:: returns/updated-sales-quantities.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The updated "Delivered" quantity on the sales order after the reverse transfer.

> When an invoice is created, the customer receives an invoice **only** for the products they are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an invoice is created, the customer receives an invoice **only** for the products they are keeping, if any.
```

keeping.

After invoicing
===============

Sometimes, customers return an item after they receive and/or pay for their invoice. In these
cases, a return using only *Reverse Transfers* is insufficient since validated, or sent, invoices
cannot be changed.

However, *Reverse Transfers* can be used in conjunction with *Credit Notes* to complete the
customer's return.

To start a return after invoicing, navigate to the relevant sales order in the *Sales* app.

> If there is a payment registered on the sales order, the payment details appear in the Chatter, and

Reviewer 2: I'm not entirely sure what formatting is best to use when mentioning the Chatter window, but it might need a GUI label.

Author: Yeah -- good point. I think that, since the word "Chatter" isn't directly on the U/I, and the section itself is merely referred to as "Chatter" -- I think I'll leave it without a GUI label. But, if this is incorrect, I'll be sure to go back and make the necessary adjustment. Thanks for pointing this out. 👍

the invoice (accessible through the :guilabel:`Invoices` smart button) has a green :guilabel:`In
Payment` banner.

.. image:: returns/green-in-payment-banner.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sample of a green in payment banner in Odoo Sales.

From the sales order, click on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to view the validated delivery
order. Then, click :guilabel:`Return` to open the :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window.

> Next, edit the :guilabel:`Product`, or :guilabel:`Quantity`, as needed for the return. Then, click

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, edit the :guilabel:`Product` and/or :guilabel:`Quantity`, as needed for the return. Then, click
```

:guilabel:`Return`. This generates a new warehouse operation for the incoming returned product(s),

> which is validated by the warehouse team once the return is received.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above.

===================
Returns and refunds
===================

The Odoo *Sales* app provides two different ways to process returns. The method used depends on
whether or not an invoice has been sent.

Before invoicing
================

Returns are completed using *Reverse Transfers* when a customer decides to return a product
**before** an invoice has been sent or validated.

.. note::

>    In order to use Reverse Transfers, the :guilabel:`Inventory` app **must** be installed.

Reviewer 3: Italicize app names when referring to them and the text is not present on the UI
```suggestion
   In order to use *Reverse Transfers*, the *Inventory* app **must** be installed.
```

To start a return before invoicing, navigate to the :menuselection:`Sales` app, select the desired

> sales order, and click on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to open the associated delivery order.

Reviewer 3: Line over 100 chars
```suggestion
sales order, and click on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to open the associated delivery
order.
```

.. image:: returns/sales-order-delivery-smart-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical sales order with a highlighted delivery smart button in Odoo Sales.

On the validated delivery order, click :guilabel:`Return`.

.. image:: returns/validated-delivery-order-return-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A validated delivery order with a highlighted Return button in Odoo Sales.

This opens a :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window.

By default, the :guilabel:`Quantity` matches the validated quantities from the delivery order.

> Update the quantities, if necessary. Click on the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash)` icon next to a line item to
> remove it from the return.

Reviewer 3: Line over 100 chars
```suggestion
Update the quantities, if necessary. Click on the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash)` icon next to a line item
to remove it from the return.
```

the incoming returned product(s).

.. image:: returns/warehouse-operation-confirmed-return.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Warehouse operation after a return has been confirmed in Odoo Sales.

Upon receiving the return, the warehouse team validates the warehouse operation by clicking
:guilabel:`Validate`. Then, on the original sales order, the :guilabel:`Delivered` quantity updates
to reflect the difference between the initial validated quantities and the returned quantities.

.. image:: returns/updated-sales-quantities.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The updated "Delivered" quantity on the sales order after the reverse transfer.

When an invoice is created, the customer receives an invoice **only** for the products they are
keeping, if any.

After invoicing
===============

Sometimes, customers return an item after they receive and/or pay for their invoice. In these
cases, a return using only *Reverse Transfers* is insufficient since validated, or sent, invoices
cannot be changed.

However, *Reverse Transfers* can be used in conjunction with *Credit Notes* to complete the
customer's return.

> To start a return after invoicing, navigate to the relevant sales order in the *Sales* app.

Reviewer 3: When directing the user, please use menuselection 🙂
```suggestion
To start a return after invoicing, navigate to the relevant sales order in the
:menuselection:`Sales` app.
```

> If there is a payment registered on the sales order, the payment details appear in the Chatter, and

Reviewer 3: Can lowercase _chatter_
```suggestion
If there is a payment registered on the sales order, the payment details appear in the chatter, and
```

the invoice (accessible through the :guilabel:`Invoices` smart button) has a green :guilabel:`In
Payment` banner.

.. image:: returns/green-in-payment-banner.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Sample of a green in payment banner in Odoo Sales.

From the sales order, click on the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to view the validated delivery
order. Then, click :guilabel:`Return` to open the :guilabel:`Reverse Transfer` pop-up window.

> Next, edit the :guilabel:`Product` andor :guilabel:`Quantity`, as needed for the return. Then, click
> :guilabel:`Return`. This generates a new warehouse operation for the incoming returned product(s),

Reviewer 3: Line breaks
```suggestion
Next, edit the :guilabel:`Product` and/or :guilabel:`Quantity`, as needed for the return. Then,
click :guilabel:`Return`. This generates a new warehouse operation for the incoming returned
product(s), which is validated by the warehouse team once the return is received by clicking
```

between the initial validated quantities and the returned quantities.

To process a refund, navigate to the relevant invoice (from the sales order, click on the
:guilabel:`Invoices` smart button). Then, click the :guilabel:`Credit Note` button at the top of the
validated invoice.

.. image:: returns/credit-note-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical customer invoice with a Credit Note button highlighted in Odoo Sales.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Credit Note` pop-up form.

.. image:: returns/credit-note-pop-up-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical credit note pop-up form that appears in Odoo Sales.

Start by entering a :guilabel:`Reason displayed on Credit Note` and a specific :guilabel:`Journal`
to process the credit. Then, select a specific :guilabel:`Reversal Date`.

After the information is filled in, click :guilabel:`Reverse` or :guilabel:`Reverse and Create
Invoice`. Then, edit the draft, if needed.

Lastly, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the credit note.

When complete, a blue banner reading: :guilabel:`You have outstanding credits for this customer. You
can allocate them to mark this invoice as paid.` appears at the top of the page.

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`/applications/finance/accounting/customer_invoices/credit_notes`

Reviewer 3: Update to relative path please 🙏
```suggestion
   :doc:`../../../finance/accounting/customer_invoices/credit_notes`
```
